# TextAdventure

TextAdventure is a text based adventure API written in C++ 14 and XML. Image the days of playing Caverns of Mystery, Zork I, III, and III, and many other classic text adventures. I refuse to call them interactive fiction, that's just a dirty word. Now the great thing is you don't need to know how to code in C++ to make games. You will however need to be able to read and create XML files. With the right XML configuatation you could create any kind of game you like. Future releases will have a utility for making the actual XML file so there will be no need for hand crafting adventures.

The API is in a very basic state right now. Players can move around, interact with the enviornment and do most basic commands. However more complex commands still need to be implemented. Work right now is going to be focused on the tools for a while so that more interesting games can be created with less effort than hand crafting XML configuration files. I imagine many different kinds of games being written using the underlying parsing and game engine. Right now it's tightly tied to the current config.xml file which can be modified to have whatever kind of game you want. What should happen is a player can choose which game they want to play with some kind of GUI launcher and then run the actual adventure. I imagine a very hopefully vibrant development community for this kind of thing. So if you're a developer or text adventure afficionado take a look at this and put some work into it if you want. I am looking for active contributors to this project.